An interesting tool/technology I encountered in preparation for bootcamp

Living the GitLife

With the Andela bootcamp challenge came a number of dependencies and tools which are meant to ensure that we deliver an end product of the highest standard.

among these dependencies was git. To aid with introductions,
Git at its core is a distributed version-control system for tracking changes in source code during software development. It is designed for coordinating work among programmers, but it can be used to track changes in any set of files.
 Its goals include speed, data integrity, and support for distributed, non-linear workflows

 It is a tool that makes it possible for a large number of people to work together on a project or task without interfering with one another.

 Getting star



Linting With Eslint

One of the tools that I've found most helpful during my preparation for bootcamp and indeed at bootcamp has got to be ESlint,

"ESLint is an open source JavaScript linting utility originally created by Nicholas C. Zakas in June 2013". 

In its most natural form, it is a tool that analysis javascript code based on specified style guides, For my project, I referenced the Airbnb style guides

So why was it the tool I found most interesting?

Well to start with, it made my work look like crap. I had started working on my project for a while before I integrated ESLint into it.

It started its role as an auditor almost immediately, It picked out each and every irregularity in my work, most of which I never considered as being wrong,

after all, my code seemed to run anytime I ran it. I started implementing on changes that were required and at the end, the output of what i had typed was much beautiful and had a much better syntax.

It is a tool I will continue using for as long as programming and software development takes me. And I would recommend anyone who is serious about programming in javascript to get this arsenal as the rewards of it are really 










Hows The Climate Today?

I remember how unnerving it usually was when the bosses I worked for hear that an audit was on its way. People who seemed much bigger than life cowered at the thought of an auditor going through the books for discrepancies

This is exactly how I felt when I ran my first integration with codeclimate.


"Code Climate is an open, extensible platform for ensuring code health that analyzes trillions of lines of code per week. They contacted us about collaborating on product development, and as longtime users of their service, we were excited to take the opportunity to work on their product"

Codeclimate is 